Subject: ANNOUNCE: Octave Version 2.0.2 released

Octave version 2.0.3 is now available for ftp from ftp.che.wisc.edu
in the directory /pub/octave.  Diffs from the previous release are
also available in the same directory.

  -rw-r--r--   1 jwe  3312470 Feb 18 13:08 octave-2.0.3.tar.gz
  -rw-r--r--   1 jwe   217812 Feb 18 13:43 octave-2.0.2-2.0.3.patch.

In addition to the source distributions, there are binary
distributions available for Linux running on Intel systems, OSF/1
running on Alpha systems, and HA-UX 9.x running on HPPA systems.
Binary distributions for other platforms will be available from
ftp.che.wisc.edu when they are contributed by volunteers.  If you
would like to help to make a binary distribution available, please
contact bug-octave@bevo.che.wisc.edu.

Version 2.0.3 is primarily a bug-fixing release.  Most bugs reported
since the release of version 2.0.2 have been fixed.  There are also a
few new features, including:

  * The manual has been completely revised and now corresponds much
    more closely to the features of the current version.

  * The return value for assignment expressions is now the RHS since
    that is more consistent with the way other programming languages
    work.  However, Octave still prints the entire LHS value so that

      x = zeros (1, 2);
      x(2) = 1

    still prints

      x =

        0  1

    but an assignment like

      z = x(2) = 1

    sets z to 1 (not [ 0, 1 ] as in previous versions of Octave).

  * It is now much easier to make binary distributions.  See the
    Binary Distributions section of the manual for more details.


You can help make Octave more reliable by reporting any bugs you find
to bug-octave@bevo.che.wisc.edu.

Octave is a high-level interactive language primarily intended for
numerical computations.  It is mostly compatible with Matlab.

Additional information is available on the WWW at

  http://www.che.wisc.edu/octave

-- 
John W. Eaton
jwe@bevo.che.wisc.edu
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Department of Chemical Engineering
